Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
In 1998. a growable neurochip
was made at Harima Science City.
Its cells are dying
due to excessive growth.
The fibers have grown to terminals
composed of galactose-infused polystyrene
derivatives. distorting the thin
membrane the terminals are printed on.
That same month. cyberbrain technology
begins shifting to a micromachine base.
In 2028. neurochips are widely
used in robots and AIs.
In the near future. electrons and light
race back and forth
through corporate nets
that blanket the globe.
but the notions of nationality
and ethnicity still cling to life
despite the spread of technology.
A strange corporate collective state
lying in a corner of Asia…
Japan Nihon. Nippon
Island nation located in East Asia.
Total area. 377.815 square km.
Total population. 76 million (as of 2029).
MARCH 5. 2029
NIIHAMA PREFECTURE ARTIFICIAL ISLAND
METROPOLIS OF NEWPORT CITY
Why the sudden interest
in silicon deposits?
It's important enough that it will
guarantee that my government
will stay out of your country's official
policy of not recognizing secessionists.
Our stated position is that we provide aid
once independence is recognized.
so this will not conflict
with our own trade interests.
We will work through
a third-party country.
Excellent. After all. if a slave state
is negligent in its service.
the master country will starve.
Our manpower shortage will really give
the slave trade a huge boost.
This does deviate somewhat from
our socialist ideals. I must admit.
Despite all your country's
protestations of being capitalists.
the truth is that you're
the ideal socialist state!
What's keeping Team 2?!
Is it the union again?
They say there's been a bomb threat!
We've finished evacuating
the civilians. sir.
Major. Public Security is ready to go.
I know. for crying out loud…
When you let an AI
handle the encryption.
everyone and their mother
will be able to listen in.
All right! Turn off
the building's electromagnetic shield!
All teams. comms are open!
Go for breach!
What's going on?
You let the likes of Public Security
surround us?
You fools!
Stay where you are!
Who gave the order to open fire?!
Hold it!
And what do we have here?
If it isn't the Far East
Trade Representative.
the Vice-Minister of Commerce.
and an Executive of the union.
Oh. it's just you. Aramaki.
This will finally give me enough evidence
to send you packing to your home country.
I wouldn't count my chickens
so fast if I were you.
Shall I have you sit in
on his deposition. Vice-Minister Ito?
Just to make sure I have
a detailed account
regarding the bombing that killed
the late Prime Minister
and who leaked the conference location.
It's all over…
I'm afraid that won't
be possible. Aramaki.
The Vice-Minister
will be joining me on my flight.
His request for asylum
has been granted.
and I have a signed affidavit. too.
When?!
I'm under no obligation to answer that.
Under international law.
I have the authority to take him
into protective custody and take him home.
Then in accordance with
international anti-terrorism laws.
we request his extradition!
When the paperwork arrives.
we'll consider it.
Mark my words. Vice-Minister.
you'll be killed for this.
My country is a civilized.
pacifist nation.
Oh. is it now?
Wha…
Utilizing low-velocity.
soft-point explosive bullets
Outside the window!
There's nothing on the sensors!
Is that 2902 thermal optical camo?!
Go get a tracker!
- Yes. sir!
Here's the tracker. sir.
It's too late.
The next day. that woman appeared at
the Minister of Internal Affairs' office.
a kill order signed by the former
Prime Minister in her hand.
This woman. who gave her name
as "Motoko Kusanagi."
proposed the formal creation
of a new special forces unit.
citing the need for crisis management.
That same day. the Minister of Internal
Affairs summoned Daisuke Aramaki.
requesting that he devise a plan
to bring her into Public Security.
Aramaki agrees.
People like her. you need to keep
on a tight leash.
She requested the formation
of a special forces unit.
Just like you did.
APRIL 10. 2029
Major. We got a job. Meet up with "Suisen"
in South Niihama Ward 4.
Funny. I don't remember
signing a contract.
No contract. no deal!
The budget you requested to set up
your pet special forces unit
was just passed by the National Council.
Fuchikoma!
Check the public record!
Yessir!
Don't moan like that. damn it!
It grosses me out.
An audio implant I had installed
the other day has a loose connection.
So what's up?
You're really going through
with this deal with Public Security?
If I'm gonna set up
an official special forces unit.
I can't do it without the Bureau's help.
That outfit's chief is no dummy.
We'll get swallowed up by Public Security.
Report located confirming passage
of budget by the 327th National Council!
Well…
I guess that means
he wasn't lying about that. anyway.
Okay! Our round-the-clock
cherry blossom observation is canceled!
Let's go to work!
I thought I was gonna die of boredom.
Okay. people. stand by to brain-dive.
We'll get tapped if we do it on comms.
Do you want a sit-rep
before we get there or not?
I'll use an attack barrier
created by a wizard cyberbrain tech
to keep the hackers away.
It's a hardcore type
that kills the hacker.
When you feel a tingle. that's
my Ghost line. Don't dive past there.
Yeah. fine.
That brain of yours is in serious
need of decluttering.
Wow. Major. your prosthetic hands
are killing you. huh?
What's this bitter taste I'm getting?
Some kind of sedative?
You got the intel for the op. right?
If you're not out of my head in two
seconds. I'll fry your brain cells!
I can't believe those clowns
dove that close to my damn Ghost.
This is why I hate letting a bunch of
insensitive jerks into my brain!
SOUTH NIIHAMA WARD 4
"Suisen" Field Command Post / Ground
Crew: 2 / Command Post Admin Robot: 1
SOUTH NIIHAMA CULTURAL CENTER
So. what's the situation?
Public Security currently has
the Sacred Citizen Relief Center
under round-the-clock surveillance.
Relief center?
It's a welfare facility
that takes in war orphans.
and provides them with a home. education.
and work opportunities.
If that's the case. it has nothing
to do with us. Buh-bye.
They have a Ghost controller. Major!
Whoa. old school.
To boost the effectiveness
of the brainwashing.
they also appear to be developing
a new type of Ghost key.
You had a hacker poke around
and they came up empty. huh?
So. what? Steal it? Kill them?
Nothing of the sort!
Your objective is to subdue them
if necessary and arrest them.
Without any evidence or a warrant?
We got a hit. that much is certain!
Is their plan to bait me into attacking
the place and then go after me in court?
Hell if I know.
Sheesh!
Doing half-assed stuff like this
won't get us anywhere.
Is Ape-face trying to sabotage me?
The relief center
is a happy. happy place!
The teachers are oh so nice!
The meals are the best.
The beds are soft as clouds!
And even the work is fun!
We're so lucky to get
rice gruel every day!
We humbly thank you. School-Master!
Thank you so very much!
Eat up!
If you don't like it. don't eat it!
All of you. get to work!
Work for the food you ate!
The bed you slept in!
And the work we give you!
That looks painful.
Why isn't the Human Rights Bureau
doing anything?
If you don't want to work.
go to the learning course!
And if you don't want to do either one.
I won't apply you for a Citizen's Card!
They got him too. huh?
I hope he can take what they dish out.
Do you have a feed
from the learning course?
Sorry. no.
No?!
Major. I'm sending you a feed
from the learning course on line four.
The universe is falling on me!
Hey! You're overflowing to the others!
Calm down!
I can't take it anymore!
It's just a plain old education device!
Don't yank my chain!
"Ghost controller." my ass!
Hang on.
They've dispatched security to get him.
Yeah. so what?
Just before the feed cut out.
didn't you feel like. "If they catch me.
at least it'll all be over"?
Togusa! Ishikawa! Plant the runaway kid
with a baby spider.
On it.
"If this goes sideways. you can retire
and the unit will go on." huh?
I wouldn't get off that easy.
I appreciate the thought. though.
Look. Ishikawa…
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Suck it up. Newbie.
That female-ape has our balls
in her mighty grip.
My hearing's mighty. too.
How lucky we are to have such a young
and beautiful and kind squad leader!
Good.
Circle around and head him off.
Yes. sir.
This guard will be in sleep mode
for 25 seconds. Newbie.
Give the "Newbie" crap a rest!
I'm on it!
Major.
The guards here
are some seriously modified
Sagawa Heavy Industries type 2033s.
Those are custom jobs used
by the military in artillery squads.
They're just back-alley chop shop cyborgs
using that same model.
They're also using government-issue
fiber optic nerves.
That means that
they're on the government's payroll.
Are you sure you didn't get hit
with a simulated experience?
My barrier is no cheap piece of junk.
Either way. it'll be a scandal
if we storm the place.
Who's gonna be the one to take the heat?
Some politician?
Or us? Or those kids?
He must've passed out
from low blood sugar or something.
Too bad. three strikes
and it's brainwashing time.
Sucks to be him.
Get ready to move in. people!
A unit like us is a must in any era.
So we have nothing to lose.
Trying to create a scandal.
Politicians trying
to screw each other over.
Kids being brainwashed.
Rooting out bastards who do this crap
is why I made a deal with Ape-face.
So I say screw it. let's do this.
A little voice is urging me on...
That voice is my Ghost!
Seal off the drainage tunnel ASAP!
The kid has a bug on him.
They're onto us!
Togusa. emergency evac!
Switching comms
over to attack barrier mode!
How did they even know
about the drainage tunnel?
Do we have a leak?
Or was this really a trap?
Damage detected in pipe number 17.
You two go check it out.
What are you doing?
You'll get fried by their attack barrier!
I can't. I got locked--
Let's go. Batou.
She was nothing but a speaker.
Public Security will fix her up.
And give her a whole new program
while they're at it?
There's something sad
about these Ghostless puppets.
Especially the type that bleeds red.
That's strange.
I didn't feel that last burst of defiance
you get when a Ghost is fried.
Was it an artificial intelligence
that I roasted?
We're up against pros!
Hey! What's the matter. Togusa?
Togusa!
Togusa! Ow.
Damn it!
This stupid audio implant
with the dumb loose connection!
Hey! Why are you just standing there?
I… I can't go any further.
This is a message
to not throw my life away.
The war is over.
I'm sick of killing people!
Hmph! I'm not a gutless wimp like you!
Fine. Die. then.
Togusa is out cold!
Smack him awake
and get away from there!
To leave?
- To storm the place. obviously!
Our princess
is one hell of a slave driver.
Hang on. that's Ishikawa's Fuchikoma!
What's gotten into him?
Why does his thing have such
a lousy targeting system?
Ishikawa! Snap out of it. damn it!
Major! Their security
has a Ghost controller!
Fuchikoma! Close the channel!
Go to lockout mode!
He was able to get in
before my attack barrier could react!
Fuchikoma!
Back-trace his signal path!
Nail his ass with an attack barrier!
Yessir!
You son of a… You'll pay for that!
Having a substitute barrier running
saved my ass.
I have to neutralize
that weird commander of theirs.
No sight. no heat. no sound…
A Kyo-Re Invisibility Cape?!
Okay. enough! I surrender!
Please. just don't damage my brain!
You and me. we're both just doing a job!
The Ghost infiltration key
and Ghost controller.
Fine. I'll hand them over!
You're under arrest
for cyberbrain ethics violations.
Are you kidding me?!
You're Public Security?
Y-You came to take us
away from here. right?
Huh? What do you even want?
Are you gonna mooch off of welfare
without meeting your obligations
to society as you're being
brainwashed by trashy media?
At the expense of all the countries
that haven't been as quick to rebuild.
You have a Ghost. too. don't you. kid?
You have a brain in that head of yours.
And you can access a cyberbrain.
Make your own future!
Yes. that was one of the government's
brainwashing facilities.
They were starting to go rogue.
so I had you make an example of them.
The Boss says he wants a word.
I'll transfer you.
Ah. Major Kusanagi. You went
a tad bit overboard. don't you think?
I think you knew that
we would make a mess.
That request I also got from you.
What was it again?
Ah. yes. About the forming of that unit.
When things like this happen…
How can I put this?
It makes things difficult.
Of course. if you were to be
a team player.
perhaps I could find a way
to afford you some leeway.
Give me that Ghost infiltration key.
Mr. Minister? Might I trouble you
for a direct connection for two seconds?
Sure. that would be fine.
If staying here means being
a Public Security errand girl.
I'll find another line of work.
Chief?
I suppose it wasn't meant to be.
Join me for a drink!
Batou. write up the report.
Blech!
Hm? Where'd Togusa go?
After you chewed him out.
he left. bawling his eyes out.
That guy is such a newbie!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm